[windows] Add hipInfo to Python packages and improve docs. (#1280)
ROCm/TheRock: docs/packaging/python_packaging.md

```bash
./build_tools/build_python_packages.py \
    --artifact-dir ./output-linux-portable/build/artifacts \
    --dest-dir ${HOME}/tmp/packages
```

Note that this does do some dynamic compilation of files and it performs
patching via patchelf. On Linux, it is recommended to run this in the same
portable container as was used to build the SDK (so as to avoid the possibility
of accidentally referencing too-new glibc symbols).

To install locally built packages you can either

> 1. Directly install the wheels by file name:

Reviewer: NIT: The tarball is a sdist and not a bdist / wheel.
```suggestion
1. Directly install the Python packages by file name:
```

   ```bash
   python3 -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
   pip install ${HOME}/tmp/packages/dist/rocm-7.0.0.dev0.tar.gz \
               ${HOME}/tmp/packages/dist/rocm_sdk_core-7.0.0.dev0-py3-none-linux_x86_64.whl

>    # Optionally install rocm_sdk_devel and rocm_sdk_libraries wheels

Reviewer: Is `rocm_sdk_libraries` really optional?

   ```

> 1. Generate a local index using [piprepo](https://pypi.org/project/piprepo/) and

Reviewer: Seems piprepo is not actively maintained for years. Do we really want to recommend it?
